# notepad-md
Notepad MD is a simple, lightweight markdown editor where your documents, which can be written or uploaded, are safely stored using Google's Realtime Database. While markdown is a universal text format, Notepad MD's markdown is slightly different than what you might be used to. An abundance of shortcuts and tools make it easy to write and edit your documents using the supported markdown listed below. When you're done writing, you can export the document's markdown or compiled HTML to a variety of formats, including PDF, HTML, plain text, or Google Doc. The HTML can be copied to your clipboard so you can paste your document elsewhere, for example a Canvas assignment or an important email. This text editor is designed to be used on a desktop, laptop, or tablet, meaning it's not recommended to use this editor on a mobile device.

After creating your account here, you will have full access to Notepad MD and all of it's features. To make an account, go to https://notes.mzecheru.com/account/me/ and click "New Document". You will then be redirected to the main page of the website where you will be spending most of your time: https://notes.mzecheru.com/document/.

The markdown you write in the right textbox will be compiled into HTML and displayed on the left side of the screen when the "Save" button is clicked or the Ctrl+S shortcut is used. All documents can be viewed in the Documents tab, where you can edit, view, delete, export, or share any of your documents to other users, although they'll only be able to view it without editing.